#    def restrict_hits_annot(self, dfOfHits, annotFilename):Upgrade method to be able to accept a threshold for the ChIP score, in order to accept a promoter!#I may also want to adjust the thresholds for distance from TSS to be equal, for both the EPDnew threshold (currently -1000 -> +100)#as well as the ENCODE threshold via. the paper# Write a method to process weird overlaps into sensible ones (like (-6) (-6) into a single (-3) ) # ONE problem is that we may be artificially inflating the amount of individual binding sites compared to clusters# by truncating -1000 --> +100 relative to TSS. For instance,  what if  we declare  the first binding site  to be  a# single binding site, but it's really the last member of a cluster which is "off screen" (this  can be  applied  to# the other side as well)#  Something else a bit confusing, is that I am looking at sites in the promoter... but it's not clear#  that this is actually how transcription factor binding works! i.e. mediator complex/cofactors should be integrating#  TF binding... which may occur far from RNAP binding site, for instance on enhancers... Although we are#  Looking pretty  far upstsream, i.e. -1000, which is  good, and this is the standard in the field, likely# for  a decent reason.----STAT.MECH MODEL-----It's interesting that two overlapping consensus binding sites, would be predicted to have an occupancy of 0.666... whereas one consensus binding site alone would have an occupancy of 0.5. I should make sure this is correct, and test the statmech model further. It might make sense from an entropic perspective, even though it's unintuitive from a simple energetic perspective. -----CONCERNS-----Why doesn't the total_mean_occ from  single sites and clusters, for  different spacing thresholds, add up perfectly?>It adds up to  within ~1%, but not perfectly... is that just rounding error? It's still a lot of lost occupancy...>Can test it  using reduced number of hits restricted_reg_hits... try to  identify the lost occupancy.>Note: I think there's a problem with the ovlp cluster part of the general_statmech_model... because for promoter with  only SS, don't get>any problems (i.e. regElementList_df occupancy matches non_clus_reg_ occupancy)... Note this is even  true  if it includes unpClusterList (cluster) componentsbut no  overlapping sites! So there's a problem if there's overlapping sites + non-ovlp sites together (probably indexing)!>If pass full length regEle to  the  general statmech method get  different ressult than if break it up  pass it in pieces. >Problem narrowed down to starting on an overlapping cluster